---
toc: true
layout: post
description: I am a web developer working on one of the big IT companies. On April 30, 2022 I'll complete my 3 years of total job experience. In this article, I'll write about my journey so far.
categories: [writing]
title: My Journey to Corporate
---
# My Journey to Corporate

I am a web developer working on one of the big IT companies. On April 30 I'll complete my 3 years of total job experience. In this article, I'll write about my journey so far.

Like most people, it was hard for me to find a job and I was desperate to find any of the jobs I get. One of my friends suggested a job where anyone with a Graduation degree and having basic English knowledge can get selected. And then I applied for an analyst role at that company.

The analyst is a general name given to anyone in a company, and you can't say what is he doing if he says I am an analyst. I used to be a good student in my academics and I was not really happy with what I was doing as my part of the job. Plus the corporate culture where nobody seems real it took me more than 1 year to have a good friend. As anyone can join for the role of what I was working on so nobody got respected too. You don't feel being valued where it is easy to get in. I soon realized that these experiences won't be valuable for other roles in my later career either. 

In my last year of graduation, I met a friend, I have never seen such a smart student in my entire life before. Apart from the knowledge of philosophy, mathematics, economics etc, one thing I really liked about him was the way he treat other people. He made an amazing impact on me and unlocked my vision on lots of bases I had. 

I started reading books and working for the carrier I want, also started to change my vision and look for all the things I had and how to use them effectively to help me get what I want. I soon came to realize my job is not so bad. In fact, it was so easy that I can use all of my energy to learn and improve.

I used to be introverted and always try to avoid talking with people but my job forced me to connect with other people and I realized I can learn lots of things from my coworkers. Soon I have started enjoying my job and had some amazing friends. 

After 2 years of that role, I have applied for an internal opening on Web Developer and got selected. The new job felt like heaven to me, unlike the last role not everyone can easily get here and so I am around some of the good people. Since I am not so introverted anymore It didn't take much time to get along with my team member. They are skilled and smart but what I like most is the value and ethics they follow. It's nice to be around people having good values and ethics. Here I have a lot of scopes to learn and I am really excited and grateful for all the things available to me to learn. Now, I feel comfortable with what I have so far. 

My journey to find a job in the field of AI is still going on, but I'll always try to get as much knowledge as possible with my current environment. I'll always try to stretch myself physically and mentally to improve my capacity. Sometimes I do get off the track but I am also good at bouncing back. 
